well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about the time machine HG Wells the book
and because we're going to talk about
the time machine we've got to talk about
class but this isn't going where you
think it is so even if you've read the
book stick with me
if you haven't read it I'm gonna give
you a general overview of the plot it's
not going to be enough to ruin the read
though you can still read it after this
and enjoy it okay so there's a time
traveler and he decides he's gonna go
into the future and buy into the future
I mean way into the future like 800
thousand years into the future when he
gets there he meets this group of people
called the Eloi and they're short and
their childlike they're innocent they
lead a life of leisure they are also
pretty much incapable of doing anything
they're ineffective they have short
attention spans they're just not very
bright he starts to take my hand this is
how humanity evolved because then it
didn't have any challenges after a while
it's interesting
as he continues to explore this wold he
begins to wonder who built these
buildings who makes their clubs because
it's not these people they're incapable
of that they don't have it in them and
he continues to explore he finds this
ventilation shaft and he goes down it
and he meets another group of people
called the Morlocks they're different
they're big they're strong they have
skills they're very adept it doesn't
take them long to realize that they're
producing everything that you always
need and that occasionally they are
quite literally eating the rich because
he's theorizing that the Morlocks does
living underground literally under
servitude they're the working class and
the Eloi well they're the wealthy
they're the global elites and this is
how they evolve over time eventually
split into two different species it's
cool story
which one are we most people watching
this right now while I'm a Morlock I'm
working class yeah but only if we limit
it to our own home country globally
what are you where aloy at $32,000 a
year you become part of the global 1%
we're only most of the people watching
this are Eloy now that's not to say that
the working class in the United States
don't face challenges don't have
problems of course we do we all do and
that's not to say that everybody
watching this is an e Lloyd is part of
that super global elite making $32,000 a
year or more but even if you're not if
you're watching this you're probably
still any lawyer even if you're not a 1%
you've got problems you have challenges
but your problems and challenges are
very different then the real more logs
down there in the global South in those
countries we never think about
those countries that are a little less
well-off this country said have been
exploited a little bit more that's where
the real Morlocks are most of us and
countries that are economically powerful
we're eloping we are away
and the thing about it is already they
produce everything for us and there's
nothing inherently wrong with this with
with labor transferring its guts there's
nothing wrong with that and though
itself distribution is what it is but
the way that that production the way the
production occurs and the distribution
occurs well
it's accelerating problems right and we
talk about all the time we talk about
climate change and climate change is
going to hit the global south real hard
I read tonight that experts are advising
those in the global South to start
building their cities underground
because it'll be cooler they can still
be down there and produce for us Eloy
and we won't have to deal with those
refugees mad it's a lot to swallow isn't
it the decisions that we make here an
ela way territory are also the decisions
that determine whether or not their home
gets destroyed because they are
producing for us the consumption is ours
the production occurs over there but
it's its defeat our demands the Eloi
demands and that's what's gonna drive
them underground it's what's gonna
destroy their home we talked about
working-class solidarity a lot
I know we've ever used those terms on
this channel but the themes are
definitely there we need to remember
that this is a global game it is a
global game we shouldn't have more locks
it shouldn't exist
we are a very resilient species we have
the means to make sure that everybody
has what they need without destroying
the planet
now
I don't think I think it pretty big
stretch to imagine a scenario in which
the global south and us alloys diverge
into different species over time and I
don't think that they you know literally
want to eat the rich but if this goes on
their homes get destroyed
imagine that wouldn't mind seeing a
stuffed I can't say that I blame them
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night